Mamma?
Mamma!
I saw you!
God, this headache, it just--
It's hard. I can't really--
I can't see properly.
Can we play it again?
Jo!
Is that how you remember it?
No.
What's different about it?
We weren't speaking Swedish.
So you don't speak Swedish at all?
I can kind of understand it.
But no, Mummy, I can't speak it.
The way I remember it,
you were speaking English,
and you were talking about the CAL.
The CAL?
You said that they were doing
an experiment.
You told me that--
that Paul was doing an experiment.
Thing is, Alice, I--
I don't remember the CAL
before the accident.
I don't remember anything about it.
I don't--
I don't remember it at all.
What is it?
Henry said it was
something to do with, like, physics.
It's a quantum experiment.
It's supposed to capture
a quantum superposition.
What's that?
Well, it's sort of like when one thing
can exist in two places at the same time.
There's another one with your name on it.
Shall we?
What's the date on it?
"10th of the 15th, 2021."
It's the date after the accident.
Houston, what are the protocols
on dealing with a dead body?
Station, what's your concern?
My concern...
The concern is...
Ericsson is so badly lacerated.
My concern is that
when the body gets out of zero-G--
Maybe we don't need to listen to these.
Maybe I just need to work it out.
Okay.
Mummy?
It's gonna be okay. Don't worry.
Just gonna make some pasta for us.
We could just cuddle up, and--
Mummy.
Am I the same to you?
Sorry?
Am I your Alice?
- I...
- Sorry.
Oh, no, you mustn't be sorry, Alice.
It's not--
I just don't feel like you're my mum.
It doesn't feel that way?
No.
But we have to work it out.
We--
We just-- We just need to work it out.
Did you speak to Irena?
She's on her way here.
Why is she on the way here?
Because she's the one
who will take care of your wife.
Jesus Christ.
And sorry, what are you doing here again?
I mean, your machine's no bloody good
to anyone now, is it?
I'm here because
this happened to me as well.
Mamma!
Mamma?
Hey.
Hello?
Mamma!
Help!
Alice?
Mamma.
Alice, baby, talk to me.
Why did you hide in the cupboard?
- Baby?
- I was scared.
Where's Daddy?
You smell like you again.
Who else should I smell like?
This might sting a little bit.
But it's gonna get you warm.
There you go. There you go.
Oh, no. We're out of hot water.
I'm gonna boil you some more.
Don't go.
Mamma. I'm cold.
Mummy?
Mamma?
Mamma!
Alice? I'm here. I'm here.
What happened? Where have you been?
I saw her.
She's there, out in the snow.
Have you been out there in the snow?
I saw Mamma.
She was fine.
She found me.
And now she's gone again.
Honey, if you saw her--
I know you think you did--
It wasn't a dream!
I felt it.
I felt her.
I smelt her.
I felt the snow.
- She was right there.
- She wasn't.
She was. She was right there.
I don't know what to do.
Come on. Let's just get you warm.
Let's get you back to bed, okay?
What?
- Where is she?
- Who?
You.
I don't know what you mean.
Didn't you see yourself?
- In the mirror?
- No! Here.
Mummy, I didn't see anything.
Are you okay?
Get dressed. There's another cabin.
It's like our cabin,
but it's not our cabin.
Is this about the tapes?
Put your snow gear on.
We've got to go across the lake.
Mummy, I'm sorry about what I said.
Get dressed.
Mummy! I didn't mean it!
I'm sorry.
Let's just go back to how we were.
She was hiding in the cupboard upstairs.
Let's go!
It's too cold. She'll freeze.
We gotta find her.
Who?
The other you.
What's this?
Hello there.
The road's completely blocked.
Well, get a digger.
It's coming.
Well, I'm not waiting.
My daughter's stuck out there,
and my wife's crazy.
Mummy, I don't think there is
another cabin.
Come on.
It's this way.
I'm sure it's this way.
Come on.
I think-- I think--
What?
People can see things sometimes
when they're upset.
People who have been to space before
have seen things.
I don't wanna hurt you...
I really don't wanna make you upset,
but I think you're right...
I don't think you're my daughter.
But, if I'm not, then who are you?
What have you done to my mummy?
Let's find out together.
Alice.
You're crazy! I want Daddy!
I want to go home to Daddy!
Alice, wait!
Alice!
Alice?
Oh, Christ. Not again.
Mamma!
Alice!
Mummy!
I think I found it.
I've found the other cabin.
Mummy?
Alice?
Alice, can you hear this?
If you can hear this, say something.
Hello?
What?
Alice!
Alice, if you're not here,
I'm gonna have to call the police.
Hello, Alice?
Where are you?
At the cabin. Kind of. Upstairs.
Alice, that's enough.
Is it our cabin?
It's like our cabin...
- Are you in the cupboard?
- Yes.
I can't see you.
It's not the same cupboard, I guess.
But we're the same Alice?
Don't know.
Is there a mirror there?
Yes.
If you look in, I will too.
Shit. We've locked ourselves in.
What?
We've locked ourselves in.
Hello?
Do you speak English?
My daughter is missing.
We're in a cabin
on the north side of Älmedalen.
She-She's ten years old.
I need you to come quickly.
She's gone out on the lake. Is that safe?
Well, that's where she's gone.
She thinks she can find her mamma.
Can you see anything?
Is that you?
Are we the same?
What are you doing here?
Looking for my mum.
Have you seen her?
Yeah.
She came and took me out of this cupboard.
This cupboard?
Yeah.
Are you staying at the cabin?
Uh-huh.
Is your mamma staying there with you?
She can't.
Why not?
'Cause she's dead.
Hello?
Sorry.
That's okay.
When did she die?
In space. She's still up there.
Did she speak Swedish with you?
Yeah.
What color is your car?
Red.
Is your mamma dead too?
I think it's your mamma who's alive
and my mummy who died.
I think they swapped places.
Alice?
Can I have her back?
So, what happened?
What was it, like a breakdown?
I was up there on the command module.
Just come back from the moon.
Sixteen hours in,
there was a depressurization.
My crew...
It looked to me like they were dead.
I kinda blacked out.
The miracle happened when I came to,
they were okay again.
When I came back to Earth, I wasn't.
- So, how'd you get better?
- I took the pills...
and I threw myself into my work.
And how long did it take?
We're ready. You coming?
Ready!
- Alice!
Alice!
Alice?
Hello?
It's me.
Not the one who speaks Swedish.
Well, we need to--
Where are you?
I've got Mamma here.
In the cupboard?
No. She's here.
I can't see her.
I can't hear her.
Alice?
I think you have to speak through me.
Shut up.
Shut up!
I'm coming to get you, Henry.
Sooner or later.
I'm comin'.
And boy, am I gonna fuck things up.
Alice!
She says...
I love you.
She says she loves you.
I love you too.
Can I see her in the mirror?
Alice?
Can you hear me?
She can't.
She says, "When are you coming home?"
I don't know if I can come home.
She says she doesn't know
if she can come home.
Why not?
Becau-- Because I don't--
I don't know how to.
I might-- I just need to work it out.
Tell her I will work it out.
She doesn't know how.
She just needs to work it out.
She'll work it out.
Yeah?
Commander Caldera?
I prefer Bud.
Hold on, wait, wait, wait, wait,
Henry, listen!
Henry?
I don't use that name.
My name is not Henry.
Mamma.
Alice.
It is cold.
Baby.
I'm sleepy.
I'm scared.
It's gonna be okay.
Mamma.
Alice.
Alice, talk to me.
Come.
- Tell me what happened.
- This is what happened.
- Fucking hands off--
- I'm not taking shit!
You get out!
Commander Caldera,
you tell me why you're here.
- Why the fuck are you here?
- No, wait! Hey!
Henry! Henry!
Here, take her.
I've gotta find my daughter!
Oh, God, no.
Paul.
Paul! It's Henry.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, God. You stay with me.
You stay with me.
Oh, come on.
911? They need an ambulance.
It's a gunshot wound.
Yes, to the stomach.
What? Address. Goddamn address.
Los Angeles.
Los-Los Angeles somewhere. What--
Christ, my glasses.
60-- Stay with me, Paul.
60556 Lexington Avenue.
Yeah.
Caldera.
Bud.
Who the fuck are you, kid?
Oh, my God, it's cold.
I'm just in my underwear.
Help!
Alice?
Alice.
Alice. Alice. Baby.
Come on.
Baby!
I made you one of these.
I have to save her.
Come on.
Mamma?
- I can't feel her anymore.
- Okay.
I think she's dead.
Come on. Come on!
Alice!
It's Daddy.
Go to him.
But I'm your Alice.
Yeah.
Go to Papa. Okay?
Jo?
I love you, Mamma.
I love you too.
Alice! This way!
Alice.
Alice!
Are you okay?
Hi, Daddy.
Come on!
Okay.
What the fuck did you do?
Wha--
Who was-- Were you with someone?
I'm so cold.
Come on. Okay.
Come here. I got you. How's that?
It's okay, baby.
Alice?
Alice, baby...
Alice! Alice! Alice! Alice!
Alice!
Do not do that to me ever again.
Okay, baby?
Ever.
But I saw Mamma.
She told me to come to you.
Didn't you see her?
Did you see her?
I--
I don't know.
Hello?
You want to see your mamma?
Come with me,
and I'll take you to your mamma.
Who are you?
She's not far away.
Where is she?
Come with me, child.
Come away, child.
Daddy?
I'm here, honey.
I'm right here.
Where is she?
She's gone to get help.
Who for?
I'm so sorry.
I should never have let you
be alone with her.
Who did she go away with?
A woman called Irena Lysenko.
A cosmonaut?
I think so.
Once.
We need to get her back.